Hello, I'm Kisho Williams.
Welcome to my course,
web services and APIs.
Today, I'm going to teach you about the importance of testing your APIs.
Testing should just be a normal part of your development process.
First, unit testing your small piece and then integrating
your piece with all of the other system components with integration testing.
Today, we are going to look at testing with Spring Boot.
I will teach you about writing unit and integration tests,
leveraging features like the at
Spring Boot test annotation and the web MVC test annotation.
I will also show you how to test using a mock environment.
I will also teach you about the Spring Boot tests rest template.
So let's get started.